Exercise 4-1. Write the function strrindex(s,t), which returns the position
of the rightmost occurrence of t in s, or -1 if there is none. 2

Exercise 4-2. Extend atof to handle scientific notation of the form
    123.45e-6
where a floating-point number may be followed by e or E and an optionally
signed exponent. 2

Exercise 4-3. Given the basic framework, it’s straightforward to extend the cal-
culator. Add the modulus (%) operator and provisions for negative numbers. 2

Exercise 4-4. Add commands to print the top element of the stack without pop-
ping, to duplicate it, and to swap the top two elements. Add a command to
clear the stack. 2

Exercise 4-5. Add access to library functions like sin, exp, and pow. See
<math.h> in Appendix B, Section 4. 2

Exercise 4-6. Add commands for handling variables. (It’s easy to provide
twenty-six variables with single-letter names.) Add a variable for the most
recently printed value. 2

Exercise 4-7. Write a routine ungets(s) that will push back an entire string
onto the input. Should ungets know about buf and bufp, or should it just
use ungetch? 2

Exercise 4-8. Suppose that there will never be more than one character of
pushback. Modify getch and ungetch accordingly. 2

Exercise 4-9. Our getch and ungetch do not handle a pushed-back EOF
correctly. Decide what their properties ought to be if an EOF is pushed back,
then implement your design. 2

Exercise 4-10. An alternate organization uses getline to read an entire input
line; this makes getch and ungetch unnecessary. Revise the calculator to use
this approach. 2

Exercise 4-11. Modify getop so that it doesn’t need to use ungetch. Hint:
use an internal static variable. 2

Exercise 4-12. Adapt the ideas of printd to write a recursive version of itoa;
that is, convert an integer into a string by calling a recursive routine. 2

Exercise 4-13. Write a recursive version of the function reverse(s), which
reverses the string s in place. 2

Exercise 4-14. Define a macro swap(t,x,y) that interchanges two arguments
of type t. (Block structure will help.) 2